My name is Sting Dot. I was born in 1988 in Darwin non-territory.
When I was eight years old, I realized that life was getting very difficult for me.
I was diagnosed with ADHD, obsessive-compulsive disorder, Tourette syndrome,
and on top of all of that, I was diagnosed with severe anxiety as well.
My mum said this affected the entire family
because I would repeatedly yell out goodnight to each individual person in the family.
And on top of that, I used to constantly go around the house checking the locks and the windows.
My school life was the hardest thing I'd ever had to deal with.
And my school was approximately 500 metres from my home.
It would take me at least two hours to get to school
because one of my obsessions was there was cracks on the footpath.
And if I stepped on one, I'd have to go all the way back home and start again.
I found life to be a constant struggle.
And as I got older, it only got worse.
Even at 10 years old, I decided that I wanted to end my life.
So it would make everyone in the family's life a lot easier.
But then we decided to use some medication, which eased my problems a little bit.
Despite having medication, life was still completely unbearable for me.
I had a constant struggle every day within myself.
I used to wash my hands hundreds of times a day.
I couldn't leave the home. I couldn't get a driver's license.
I couldn't even get a job.
A major turning point in my life was my mum's unwavering faith in Jehovah.
She used to iron my clothes for the meeting and hang him on the door knob,
even though I wasn't ready to attend the meeting.
But what she didn't know was when my mum went to the meeting with my sister,
I'd get a Bible and I'd try and start to read it.
I also began to pray to Jehovah.
And then one day I thought, I'm going to give this a shot.
So I put my suit on, I got ready, and I went to the meeting.
When I went to the Kingdom Hall, I was absolutely terrified.
I was so nervous.
But when I got there, I saw an elder who used to come and visit me.
And he made me feel very relaxed.
And then the amazing welcome by the brothers and sisters.
It made me feel like I was part of Jehovah's organisation again.
The scripture that really helped me was 1 Peter 5 verse 7,
because it says, while you throw all your anxiety on him,
because he cares for you.
So this made me feel like I had a very powerful friend
and Jehovah wanted me to throw my anxieties on him because he loved me.